{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13860\viewh18760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Heroes of Pymoli\
\
There are three main observable trends identified from analyzing the purchase data for the Heroes of Pymoli.\
\
1. Our players are predominantly males and college aged. Males comprise 84.03% of people that make game purchases. Players 20-24 years of age comprise 44.79% of our players. This information may be useful in targeting future advertising and promotions.\
\
2. Although, the age group with the highest Total Purchase Value is the 20-24 group, the highest and second highest average total purchases per person are the 35-39 and the less than 10 age groups, respectively. This may be related to a higher amount fo expendable income for games in these age groups (older group directly related to personal income and the youngest group likely related to parental sources of spending money). Thus, advertising and promotions may yield greater benefits from these groups over the more populous college aged group.\
\
3. The total revenue from in-game purchases for the period of our study was $2,379.77. Despite there being 180 items for purchase, the top five grossing items account for $209.92 in purchases which is 8.82% of total income although representing less than 3% of the items. It may be beneficial to examine the characteristics of items of high purchase counts versus those of low purchase counts when considering new items.}